hello to the nation dr. Playstation
Asian here taki has over kind of
interesting mod guys cuz BAM I got I got
boobs and like a button like a rounded
head and shoulders and stuff guys this
mod is called it's not just about boobs
or sorry not just about boobs this is a
pretty simple mod very simple in fact
and yeah so it's kind of fun to use just
kind of you know yes sort of type things
I'll show you guys how to install it and
here we go okay guys so we are here and
pretty much this mod is very simple and
I can't really do a lot in game but what
I can teach you guys is the more complex
part and that's actually how to
configure the file so and how to
configure your settings and whatnot to
make this work because I'm sure a lot of
you guys are going to be confused about
that this is the mod we're installing
not just about boobs one point three
point to be and then this is what we're
going to be installing it into for you
guys though you guys are gonna hit your
Windows key open this up and you guys
are gonna go run your type run and
you're gonna click this and then your
own type in that window at a percent
AppData percent just like it says here
percent app data present you guys can
click OK and there's gonna be a dot
minecraft folder this is where you guys
are going to do all your stuff in
instead this is where I'm gonna do all
my stuff in this is my dot minecraft
folder right here and I know there's a
lot more files here but that's simply
because I've installed mods before so
what we're gonna do before I install any
mods are just so you guys know there's
no funny business going on here I'm
actually going to do a force update so
we're just gonna wait for minecraft to
open here I'm gonna force update login
and then this is going to update it so
it's completely default minecraft
there's a bunch of other folders and
stuff like that in here that you know
are just in there but none of them have
to do with not just about boobs so it's
from there what we're going to do is
room go because it's just been cleaned
now we're going to open up our
minecraft.jar this is a separate jar
that I have you guys won't have that but
you guys will have the minecraft.jar you
guys are gonna open that just like you
see here and guys it does have meta info
so you guys do know that I just did a
clean Minecraft this is a clean
Minecraft I'm gonna open up not just
about boobs so this is gonna open up
this and there shouldn't be five class
files in here so this is what I'm gonna
have to do I'm gonna have to drag those
into here right after I
meta info so don't drag them in yet I'm
sorry some of you guys might have done
that but you're going to right click or
you guys can hit your delete key uh
wrong thing
it's delete key and it'll say are you
sure you want to delete meta info and
yes because that will give you the
ability to install these mods or this
mod from there you're going to drag all
five of these class folders over click
OK and there you go all you do is delete
meta info and drag those class folders
or class files over and you're done from
there you're going to close down all
this stuff cuz you don't need anymore
and you're going to run your Minecraft
so for you guys you just click you know
your minecraft little icon down here or
something like that I'm just gonna click
this run and then it launches we're
gonna log in and it should be working so
I'm just showing you guys this then you
know the no funny business again is
going on so we're going to join that
world we were just in and if you guys
look I don't have you know boobs or
anything like that I'm not like a woman
character like I was a few moments ago
so there is one more thing that you guys
need to do and this is kind of more
complicated I guess so you guys are
gonna go back into that dot minecraft
folder and for you guys after you run it
there's going to be a file here in
notepad file a text document that says
not just about boobs you guys are gonna
open that up and then here you guys as
you guys can see here sorry that just
opened on my second monitor as you guys
can see here there's going to be this
part of the sob this is the only part
you guys really need to look at this is
there's gonna be three defaults here
what you guys are gonna do is I'm
assuming most of you guys are going to
want the woman like body just like I've
seen you guys just copied this ctrl C
and paste it in for here ctrl V and then
it'll work that'll that's the thing
that'll make it work and if you're done
right there if you guys want like
another thing like say this kid like
body shape or just rounded shoulders you
got no boobs or anything like that I
think you guys can go with this but I'm
assuming most do you guys want this so
we're going to save this file save file
save and sorry for my mic levels if they
were going a little high there and then
go back and then we're on front so
because that happened now
minecraft is going to run with the
certain settings that the mod developer
had put in place for
a woman's body so let's log in we're
going to join that same game and I'm
just doing this all in one take so you
guys know that this is the proper way to
do it and as you guys can see I got my
my boobs going on I got you know my
rounded head features so some of the
things that's mod developers going to
put in is like she's gonna put quatre
the person he or she is going to put cat
ears in they're gonna put wings in
they're gonna put hair in so you can
actually have a woman's like hair and
this is pretty cool mod so it actually
adds something pretty cool to the game
you know female characters so they look
different but yeah so hopefully you guys
did enjoy um looks weird
anyway I'm the doctor and I'm a piece
and I'm back guys so hopefully you guys
did enjoy this video guys if you did
remember please leave a like it really
does help out remember to subscribe to
join the nation if you already haven't
you guys can see more of my videos if
you guys click in the top right corner
of the screen you guys can go follow me
in Twitter link will be in the
description I tweet out like all my
videos tweet out some funny stuff every
once in a while anyway and then finally
there's two spotlighted videos here tf2
and minecraft episode 1 and episode 2 so
for those of you who maybe missed
episode 2 you guys gonna check that out
or if you guys wanna start from the
beginning
you guys can go check that out it's
pretty fun it's basically a tf2 map
dustbowl in Minecraft that was pretty
cool but anyway hopefully you guys
enjoyed this mod and yeah so anyway I'm
the doctor and I'm a peace